public/content/01.getting-started/01.introduction.md, before:

# Introduction

Welcome to **Docs Unlocked**! This is a powerful documentation system built with React, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS, designed specifically for Salesforce Lightning Web Components.

## What's Inside

Docs Unlocked provides:

- ⚡ **Fast and lightweight** - Optimized bundle size for Salesforce
- 📝 **Markdown support** - Full GitHub Flavored Markdown (GFM) support
- 🎨 **Beautiful UI** - Modern, responsive design with Tailwind CSS
- 🔒 **Salesforce-ready** - Built to run seamlessly in Salesforce orgs
- 📱 **Mobile-friendly** - Responsive design that works on all devices

## Key Features

### Markdown Rendering

Docs Unlocked uses `marked.js` with the same configuration as the popular [Markdown-Unlocked](https://github.com/Nimba-Solutions/Markdown-Unlocked) package:

- **GitHub Flavored Markdown** - Tables, task lists, strikethrough, and more
- **Automatic line breaks** - Better readability
- **Code syntax highlighting** - Powered by highlight.js
- **Safe HTML rendering** - Sanitized with DOMPurify

### Architecture

```
┌─────────────────┐
│   Salesforce    │
│      LWC        │
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         │ Loads bundle
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│  React Bundle   │
│  (StaticResource)│
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         │ Renders
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│  Documentation   │
│     Content      │
└─────────────────┘
```

## Quick Start

1. **Deploy to Salesforce**
   ```bash
   cci task run deploy --path force-app --org dev
   ```

2. **Add your content** - Upload markdown files as StaticResources

3. **Configure navigation** - Update the navigation JSON file

4. **Enjoy!** - Your documentation is ready

## Next Steps

:::navcards
title: Contributing
description: Learn how to contribute to Docs Unlocked
href: /getting-started/contributing
---
title: Basic Usage
description: Learn how to add content and use markdown features
href: /core-concepts/basic-usage
---
title: Configuration
description: Customize your documentation settings and appearance
href: /core-concepts/configuration
:::

---

> 💡 **Tip**: All markdown files should be uploaded as StaticResources in Salesforce. The naming convention converts paths like `/getting-started/introduction` to `getting_started_introduction`.

Commit message:

Refactor navigation handling in DocsApp to support dynamic file discovery and enhance markdown content loading. Implement logic to extract titles and internal links for automatic navigation updates, improving user experience and content organization.

public/content/01.getting-started/01.introduction.md, after:

# Introduction

Welcome to **Docs Unlocked**! This is a powerful documentation system built with React, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS, designed specifically for Salesforce Lightning Web Components.

## What's Inside

Docs Unlocked provides:

- ⚡ **Fast and lightweight** - Optimized bundle size for Salesforce
- 📝 **Markdown support** - Full GitHub Flavored Markdown (GFM) support
- 🎨 **Beautiful UI** - Modern, responsive design with Tailwind CSS
- 🔒 **Salesforce-ready** - Built to run seamlessly in Salesforce orgs
- 📱 **Mobile-friendly** - Responsive design that works on all devices
- 🔍 **Runtime discovery** - Navigation automatically generated from your content structure

## Key Features

### Markdown Rendering

Docs Unlocked uses `marked.js` with the same configuration as the popular [Markdown-Unlocked](https://github.com/Nimba-Solutions/Markdown-Unlocked) package:

- **GitHub Flavored Markdown** - Tables, task lists, strikethrough, and more
- **Automatic line breaks** - Better readability
- **Code syntax highlighting** - Powered by highlight.js
- **Safe HTML rendering** - Sanitized with DOMPurify

### Architecture

```
┌─────────────────┐
│   Salesforce    │
│      LWC        │
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         │ Loads bundle
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│  React Bundle   │
│  (StaticResource)│
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         │ Renders
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│  Documentation   │
│     Content      │
└─────────────────┘
```

### Runtime Navigation Discovery

Docs Unlocked automatically discovers your content structure at runtime. Simply organize your markdown files in directories, and navigation is generated automatically. No manual configuration needed!

## Quick Start

1. **Deploy to Salesforce**
   ```bash
   npm run build:sf
   cci task run deploy --path force-app --org dev
   ```

2. **Add your content** - Place markdown files in `public/content/` with numerical prefixes for ordering

3. **Enjoy!** - Navigation is automatically generated from your file structure

## Next Steps

:::navcards
title: Contributing
description: Learn how to contribute to Docs Unlocked
href: /getting-started/contributing
---
title: Basic Usage
description: Learn how to add content and structure your documentation
href: /core-concepts/basic-usage
---
title: Configuration
description: Customize your documentation settings and appearance
href: /core-concepts/configuration
:::

---

> 💡 **Tip**: Navigation is automatically generated from your content directory structure. Use numerical prefixes (like `01-`, `02-`) to control the order of sections and pages.
