dist-sf/content/01.getting-started/01.introduction.md, before:

# Introduction

Welcome to **Docs Unlocked**! A powerful, lightweight documentation system built specifically for Salesforce.

## What is Docs Unlocked?

Docs Unlocked is a documentation component that runs inside Salesforce Lightning pages. It provides a beautiful, searchable documentation experience with minimal setup required.

## Key Features

- 📝 **Markdown Support** - Write documentation using simple markdown syntax
- 🔍 **Full-Content Search** - Search across all documentation pages instantly (Ctrl+K / Cmd+K)
- 📱 **Responsive Design** - Works beautifully on desktop, tablet, and mobile
- ⚡ **Fast & Lightweight** - Optimized for Salesforce performance
- 🎨 **Customizable** - Configure header, footer, and branding
- 🔗 **Smart Navigation** - Navigation automatically generated from your content structure
- 🎯 **Anchor Links** - Deep linking to specific sections within pages

## How It Works

Docs Unlocked consists of two main parts:

1. **Lightning Web Component** - The Salesforce component that displays your documentation
2. **Content Files** - Your markdown files and a manifest file that defines navigation

Your content is stored as markdown files in a ZIP StaticResource, and a manifest file (`manifest.yaml`) defines the navigation structure.

## Quick Start

### 1. Prepare Your Content

Create markdown files and organize them in folders:

```
content/
├── getting-started/
│   ├── introduction.md
│   └── quick-start.md
└── api-reference/
    └── overview.md
```

### 2. Create the Manifest File

Create a `manifest.yaml` file that defines your navigation:

```yaml
getting-started:
  - title: Introduction
    file: getting-started/introduction.md
    path: /getting-started/introduction
  - title: Quick Start
    file: getting-started/quick-start.md
    path: /getting-started/quick-start
api-reference:
  - title: Overview
    file: api-reference/overview.md
    path: /api-reference/overview
```

### 3. Package and Upload

1. Create a ZIP file containing:
   - Your `content/` folder with all markdown files
   - Your `manifest.yaml` file (inside the `content/` folder)
   - Any `media/` folder with images/videos (optional)

2. Upload to Salesforce:
   - Go to **Setup** → **Custom Code** → **Static Resources**
   - Click **New**
   - Name: `docsContent` (or your preferred name)
   - Upload your ZIP file
   - Cache Control: **Public**
   - Click **Save**

### 4. Add to a Lightning Page

1. Open Lightning App Builder
2. Add the "Docs Unlocked" component to your page
3. Configure the component properties:
   - **Content Resource Name**: `docsContent` (or your StaticResource name)
   - **Display Header**: Show/hide the header
   - **Header Label**: Customize header text (e.g., "Product Documentation")
   - **Display Footer**: Show/hide the footer
4. Save and activate your page

That's it! Your documentation is now live.

## Content Structure

Docs Unlocked uses a simple file-based structure:

- **Sections** are defined in the manifest (e.g., `getting-started`, `api-reference`)
- **Pages** are markdown files referenced in the manifest
- **Manifest file** (`manifest.yaml`) defines the navigation structure
- **Media files** (images, videos) go in a `media/` folder

## Navigation

Navigation is automatically generated from your manifest file:

- **Sidebar** - Shows all sections and pages from the manifest
- **Search** - Press `Ctrl+K` (or `Cmd+K` on Mac) to search all content
- **Previous/Next** - Navigate between pages at the top of content
- **Deep Links** - Share links to specific pages or sections

## What's Next?

:::navcards
title: Contributing
description: Learn how to contribute to Docs Unlocked (for developers)
href: /getting-started/contributing
---
title: Basic Usage
description: Learn how to write markdown and create your manifest file
href: /core-concepts/basic-usage
---
title: Configuration
description: Customize your documentation settings and appearance
href: /core-concepts/configuration
:::

---

> 💡 **Tip**: The manifest file (`manifest.yaml`) controls your navigation structure. Update it whenever you add, remove, or reorganize pages.

Commit message:

Update CSS styles and JavaScript logic in DocsApp for improved layout and navigation. Ensure full-height containers without scrolling for better user experience. Modify documentation content to clarify the role of the manifest file and enhance overall presentation. This update aims to streamline the documentation interface and improve accessibility across devices.

dist-sf/content/01.getting-started/01.introduction.md, after:

# Introduction

Welcome to **Docs Unlocked**! A powerful, lightweight documentation system built specifically for Salesforce.

## What is Docs Unlocked?

Docs Unlocked is a documentation component that runs inside Salesforce Lightning pages. It provides a beautiful, searchable documentation experience with minimal setup required.

## Key Features

- 📝 **Markdown Support** - Write documentation using simple markdown syntax
- 🔍 **Full-Content Search** - Search across all documentation pages instantly (Ctrl+K / Cmd+K)
- 📱 **Responsive Design** - Works beautifully on desktop, tablet, and mobile
- ⚡ **Fast & Lightweight** - Optimized for Salesforce performance
- 🎨 **Customizable** - Configure header, footer, and branding
- 🔗 **Smart Navigation** - Navigation automatically generated from your content structure
- 🎯 **Anchor Links** - Deep linking to specific sections within pages

## How It Works

Docs Unlocked consists of two main parts:

1. **Lightning Web Component** - The Salesforce component that displays your documentation
2. **Content Files** - Your markdown files and a manifest file that defines navigation

Your content is stored as markdown files in a ZIP StaticResource, and a manifest file (`manifest.yaml`) defines the navigation structure.

## Quick Start

### 1. Prepare Your Content

Create markdown files and organize them in folders:

```
content/
├── getting-started/
│   ├── introduction.md
│   └── quick-start.md
└── api-reference/
    └── overview.md
```

### 2. Create the Manifest File

Organize your content and navigation using a `manifest.yaml` file:

```yaml
getting-started:
  - title: Introduction
    file: getting-started/introduction.md
    path: /getting-started/introduction
  - title: Quick Start
    file: getting-started/quick-start.md
    path: /getting-started/quick-start
api-reference:
  - title: Overview
    file: api-reference/overview.md
    path: /api-reference/overview
```
> [!TIP]
> We plan to eliminate this file in future releases, but Salesforce's limited APIs currently prevent us from easily crawling Static Resource directories. This would be a great first pull request if you feel like contributing!


### 3. Package and Upload

1. Create a ZIP file containing:
   - Your `content/` folder with all markdown files
   - Your `manifest.yaml` file (inside the `content/` folder)
   - Any `media/` folder with images/videos (optional)

2. Upload to Salesforce:
   - Go to **Setup** → **Custom Code** → **Static Resources**
   - Click **New**
   - Name: `docsContent` (or your preferred name)
   - Upload your ZIP file
   - Cache Control: **Public**
   - Click **Save**

### 4. Add to a Lightning Page

1. Open Lightning App Builder
2. Add the "Docs Unlocked" component to your page
3. Configure the component properties:
   - **Content Resource Name**: `docsContent` (or your StaticResource name)
   - **Display Header**: Show/hide the header
   - **Header Label**: Customize header text (e.g., "Product Documentation")
   - **Display Footer**: Show/hide the footer
4. Save and activate your page

That's it! Your documentation is now live.

## Content Structure

Docs Unlocked uses a simple file-based structure:

- **Sections** are defined in the manifest (e.g., `getting-started`, `api-reference`)
- **Pages** are markdown files referenced in the manifest
- **Manifest file** (`manifest.yaml`) defines the navigation structure
- **Media files** (images, videos) go in a `media/` folder

## Navigation

Navigation is automatically generated from your manifest file:

- **Sidebar** - Shows all sections and pages from the manifest
- **Search** - Press `Ctrl+K` (or `Cmd+K` on Mac) to search all content
- **Previous/Next** - Navigate between pages at the top of content
- **Deep Links** - Share links to specific pages or sections

## What's Next?

:::navcards
title: Contributing
description: Learn how to contribute to Docs Unlocked (for developers)
href: /getting-started/contributing
---
title: Basic Usage
description: Learn how to write markdown and create your manifest file
href: /core-concepts/basic-usage
---
title: Configuration
description: Customize your documentation settings and appearance
href: /core-concepts/configuration
:::

---
