dist-sf/content/02.core-concepts/01.basic-usage.md, before:

# Basic Usage

Learn how to write markdown content and create your manifest file for Docs Unlocked.

## Content Organization

Docs Unlocked uses markdown files organized in folders, with a `manifest.yaml` file that defines the navigation structure.

### Directory Structure

Organize your content like this:

```
content/
├── getting-started/
│   ├── introduction.md
│   └── quick-start.md
├── api-reference/
│   ├── overview.md
│   └── authentication.md
└── guides/
    └── best-practices.md
```

### The Manifest File

The `manifest.yaml` file defines your navigation structure. It must be placed inside your `content/` folder.

**Example `manifest.yaml`:**

```yaml
getting-started:
  - title: Introduction
    file: getting-started/introduction.md
    path: /getting-started/introduction
  - title: Quick Start
    file: getting-started/quick-start.md
    path: /getting-started/quick-start
api-reference:
  - title: Overview
    file: api-reference/overview.md
    path: /api-reference/overview
  - title: Authentication
    file: api-reference/authentication.md
    path: /api-reference/authentication
guides:
  - title: Best Practices
    file: guides/best-practices.md
    path: /guides/best-practices
```

### Manifest Structure

Each section in the manifest has:
- **Section name** (e.g., `getting-started`) - becomes the sidebar section title
- **Array of pages** - each page has:
  - `title` - Display name in navigation
  - `file` - Path to the markdown file (relative to `content/` folder)
  - `path` - URL path (used for links and navigation)

**Important Notes:**
- Section names are converted to titles (e.g., `getting-started` → "Getting Started")
- File paths are relative to the `content/` folder
- Paths should start with `/` and match the section/page structure
- Order matters - pages appear in the order listed in the manifest

## Writing Markdown

Docs Unlocked supports full GitHub Flavored Markdown. Here's how to write your content:

### Headers

```markdown
# H1 Header (Page Title)
## H2 Header (Section)
### H3 Header (Subsection)
#### H4 Header
```

**Rendered:**

# H1 Header (Page Title)
## H2 Header (Section)
### H3 Header (Subsection)
#### H4 Header

**Tip**: The first H1 (`#`) in your file becomes the page title in navigation.

### Text Formatting

```markdown
- **Bold text** with `**bold**` or `__bold__`
- *Italic text* with `*italic*` or `_italic_`
- ~~Strikethrough~~ with `~~strikethrough~~`
- `Inline code` with backticks
```

**Rendered:**

- **Bold text** with `**bold**` or `__bold__`
- *Italic text* with `*italic*` or `_italic_`
- ~~Strikethrough~~ with `~~strikethrough~~`
- `Inline code` with backticks

### Lists

**Unordered Lists:**
```markdown
- Item one
- Item two
  - Nested item
  - Another nested item
```

**Rendered:**
- Item one
- Item two
  - Nested item
  - Another nested item

**Ordered Lists:**
```markdown
1. First item
2. Second item
3. Third item
```

**Rendered:**
1. First item
2. Second item
3. Third item

**Task Lists:**
```markdown
- [x] Completed task
- [ ] Incomplete task
- [x] Another completed task
```

**Rendered:**
- [x] Completed task
- [ ] Incomplete task
- [x] Another completed task

### Code Blocks

Use triple backticks with a language name:

**JavaScript:**
````markdown
```javascript
function greet(name) {
  return `Hello, ${name}!`;
}
```
````

**Rendered:**
```javascript
function greet(name) {
  return `Hello, ${name}!`;
}
```

**TypeScript:**
````markdown
```typescript
interface User {
  name: string;
  age: number;
}
```
````

**Rendered:**
```typescript
interface User {
  name: string;
  age: number;
}
```

**Bash:**
````markdown
```bash
npm install
npm run build
```
````

**Rendered:**
```bash
npm install
npm run build
```

### Tables

```markdown
| Feature | Status | Notes |
|---------|--------|-------|
| Markdown | ✅ Complete | Full GFM support |
| Search | ✅ Complete | Ctrl+K to search |
| Mobile | ✅ Complete | Responsive design |
```

**Rendered:**

| Feature | Status | Notes |
|---------|--------|-------|
| Markdown | ✅ Complete | Full GFM support |
| Search | ✅ Complete | Ctrl+K to search |
| Mobile | ✅ Complete | Responsive design |

### Blockquotes

```markdown
> This is a blockquote. Use it for important notes, warnings, or callouts.
>
> You can have multiple paragraphs in a blockquote.
```

**Rendered:**

> This is a blockquote. Use it for important notes, warnings, or callouts.
>
> You can have multiple paragraphs in a blockquote.

### Links

**Internal Links** (to other pages):
```markdown
[Go to Configuration](/core-concepts/configuration)
[See Contributing Guide](/getting-started/contributing)
```

**Rendered:**
[Go to Configuration](/core-concepts/configuration)
[See Contributing Guide](/getting-started/contributing)

**External Links:**
```markdown
[GitHub](https://github.com)
[Link with Title](https://example.com "Example Website")
```

**Rendered:**
[GitHub](https://github.com)
[Link with Title](https://example.com "Example Website")

**Important**: Internal links should use paths from your manifest (without the `.md` extension).

### Images

Images are loaded from your StaticResource. Place images in a `media/` folder:

```markdown
![Alt text](/media/logo.png)
![Screenshot](/media/app-overview.png "App Overview")
```

**Path Resolution:**
- Images in `media/` folder: Use `/media/filename.jpg`
- Example: `![Logo](/media/logo.png)` loads from `/resource/docsContent/media/logo.png`
- Absolute URLs (http/https) work as-is

**Supported Formats:**
- PNG, JPG, JPEG, GIF, SVG, WebP

**Example:**

![Flan dessert](/media/flan-612x612.jpg "Delicious flan")
> ... flan is awesome.

### Videos

Videos are automatically embedded when you use image syntax with a video file extension. **Important:** Due to Salesforce's 5MB StaticResource size limit, videos must be hosted externally (Salesforce Files or public URLs).

**External URLs:**
```markdown
![Demo Video](https://your-domain.com/videos/demo.mp4)
![Tutorial](https://example.com/tutorial.webm "How to use the app")
```

**Salesforce Files:**
```markdown
![Salesforce Video](https://yourinstance.salesforce.com/sfc/servlet.shepherd/document/download/068XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX)
```

**Supported Formats:**
- MP4, WebM, OGG, MOV, AVI, WMV, FLV, MKV

**Note:** If you use a relative path (e.g., `/media/video.mp4`), a warning message will be displayed instead of the video, as StaticResources cannot exceed 5MB. Always use absolute URLs for videos.

**Example:**

```markdown
![External Video](https://example.com/video.mp4 "Example video")
```

### Navigation Cards

Use the `:::navcards` block to create card-based navigation:

```markdown
:::navcards
title: Getting Started
description: Learn the basics
href: /getting-started/introduction
---
title: API Reference
description: Complete API documentation
href: /api-reference/overview
:::
```

## Creating Your Manifest File

### Step-by-Step Guide

1. **List your sections** - Think about how to organize your content
   - Example: `getting-started`, `api-reference`, `guides`

2. **For each section, list your pages**:
   - Page title (what appears in navigation)
   - File path (relative to `content/` folder)
   - URL path (for links)

3. **Write the YAML**:
   ```yaml
   section-name:
     - title: Page Title
       file: section-name/page-name.md
       path: /section-name/page-name
   ```

4. **Save as `manifest.yaml`** in your `content/` folder

### Manifest Best Practices

- **Consistent naming**: Use lowercase with hyphens for section and path names
- **Clear titles**: Make page titles descriptive and user-friendly
- **Logical order**: Order pages in a way that makes sense for readers
- **Match paths**: Ensure `path` values match your file structure

### Example: Complete Manifest

```yaml
getting-started:
  - title: Introduction
    file: getting-started/introduction.md
    path: /getting-started/introduction
  - title: Quick Start Guide
    file: getting-started/quick-start.md
    path: /getting-started/quick-start

api-reference:
  - title: API Overview
    file: api-reference/overview.md
    path: /api-reference/overview
  - title: Authentication
    file: api-reference/authentication.md
    path: /api-reference/authentication
  - title: Endpoints
    file: api-reference/endpoints.md
    path: /api-reference/endpoints

guides:
  - title: Best Practices
    file: guides/best-practices.md
    path: /guides/best-practices
  - title: Troubleshooting
    file: guides/troubleshooting.md
    path: /guides/troubleshooting
```

## Packaging Your Content

### Step 1: Organize Files

Make sure your structure looks like this:

```
docs-content/
├── content/
│   ├── manifest.yaml
│   ├── getting-started/
│   │   ├── introduction.md
│   │   └── quick-start.md
│   └── api-reference/
│       └── overview.md
└── media/
    └── logo.png
```

### Step 2: Create ZIP File

1. Select the `content/` folder and `media/` folder (if you have media)
2. Create a ZIP file containing both folders
3. Make sure `manifest.yaml` is inside the `content/` folder

**Important**: The ZIP should contain `content/` and `media/` at the root level, not nested inside another folder.

### Step 3: Upload to Salesforce

1. Go to **Setup** → **Custom Code** → **Static Resources**
2. Click **New** (or edit existing)
3. **Name**: `docsContent` (or your preferred name)
4. **File**: Upload your ZIP file
5. **Cache Control**: Select **Public**
6. Click **Save**

### Step 4: Update Component

1. Open your Lightning page in App Builder
2. Select the Docs Unlocked component
3. Set **Content Resource Name** to match your StaticResource name
4. Save and activate

## Updating Content

When you need to update your documentation:

1. **Edit markdown files** - Update your content
2. **Update manifest** - Add/remove pages or change order
3. **Recreate ZIP** - Package everything again
4. **Upload to Salesforce** - Replace the existing StaticResource
5. **Refresh page** - Users will see updated content (may need to clear cache)

## Best Practices

### File Naming

- Use lowercase with hyphens: `my-page.md`
- Keep names descriptive but concise
- Be consistent with naming conventions

### Content Organization

- Keep pages focused on a single topic
- Use clear, descriptive headers
- Break up long content with sections
- Include code examples where helpful
- Use consistent formatting

### Manifest Organization

- Group related pages into sections
- Order pages logically (intro → advanced)
- Use descriptive titles
- Keep paths consistent with file structure

### Internal Linking

Always use paths from your manifest (without `.md` extension):

✅ **Correct:**
```markdown
[Configuration](/core-concepts/configuration)
[See Authentication](/api-reference/authentication)
```

❌ **Incorrect:**
```markdown
[Configuration](/core-concepts/configuration.md)
[See Authentication](api-reference/authentication.md)
```

## Troubleshooting

### Content Not Appearing

- Check that `manifest.yaml` exists in your `content/` folder
- Verify file paths in manifest match actual files
- Ensure ZIP structure is correct (`content/` and `media/` at root)

### Navigation Not Showing

- Verify YAML syntax is correct (use a YAML validator)
- Check that section names and paths are consistent
- Ensure all referenced files exist

### Images Not Loading

- Verify images are in `media/` folder
- Check image paths in markdown (should start with `/media/`)
- Ensure `media/` folder is included in ZIP

### Links Not Working

- Verify link paths match manifest `path` values
- Check that target pages exist in manifest
- Ensure paths start with `/`

---

> 📚 **Next**: Learn about [Configuration](/core-concepts/configuration) options.

Commit message:

Enhance video embedding support in documentation by allowing iframe integration for YouTube and Vimeo links. Update the basic usage guide to include examples of video embedding services and clarify requirements for Salesforce admin configurations. Refactor ContentRenderer to handle video URLs appropriately and ensure proper sanitization of embedded content.

dist-sf/content/02.core-concepts/01.basic-usage.md, after:

# Basic Usage

Learn how to write markdown content and create your manifest file for Docs Unlocked.

## Content Organization

Docs Unlocked uses markdown files organized in folders, with a `manifest.yaml` file that defines the navigation structure.

### Directory Structure

Organize your content like this:

```
content/
├── getting-started/
│   ├── introduction.md
│   └── quick-start.md
├── api-reference/
│   ├── overview.md
│   └── authentication.md
└── guides/
    └── best-practices.md
```

### The Manifest File

The `manifest.yaml` file defines your navigation structure. It must be placed inside your `content/` folder.

**Example `manifest.yaml`:**

```yaml
getting-started:
  - title: Introduction
    file: getting-started/introduction.md
    path: /getting-started/introduction
  - title: Quick Start
    file: getting-started/quick-start.md
    path: /getting-started/quick-start
api-reference:
  - title: Overview
    file: api-reference/overview.md
    path: /api-reference/overview
  - title: Authentication
    file: api-reference/authentication.md
    path: /api-reference/authentication
guides:
  - title: Best Practices
    file: guides/best-practices.md
    path: /guides/best-practices
```

### Manifest Structure

Each section in the manifest has:
- **Section name** (e.g., `getting-started`) - becomes the sidebar section title
- **Array of pages** - each page has:
  - `title` - Display name in navigation
  - `file` - Path to the markdown file (relative to `content/` folder)
  - `path` - URL path (used for links and navigation)

**Important Notes:**
- Section names are converted to titles (e.g., `getting-started` → "Getting Started")
- File paths are relative to the `content/` folder
- Paths should start with `/` and match the section/page structure
- Order matters - pages appear in the order listed in the manifest

## Writing Markdown

Docs Unlocked supports full GitHub Flavored Markdown. Here's how to write your content:

### Headers

```markdown
# H1 Header (Page Title)
## H2 Header (Section)
### H3 Header (Subsection)
#### H4 Header
```

**Rendered:**

# H1 Header (Page Title)
## H2 Header (Section)
### H3 Header (Subsection)
#### H4 Header

**Tip**: The first H1 (`#`) in your file becomes the page title in navigation.

### Text Formatting

```markdown
- **Bold text** with `**bold**` or `__bold__`
- *Italic text* with `*italic*` or `_italic_`
- ~~Strikethrough~~ with `~~strikethrough~~`
- `Inline code` with backticks
```

**Rendered:**

- **Bold text** with `**bold**` or `__bold__`
- *Italic text* with `*italic*` or `_italic_`
- ~~Strikethrough~~ with `~~strikethrough~~`
- `Inline code` with backticks

### Lists

**Unordered Lists:**
```markdown
- Item one
- Item two
  - Nested item
  - Another nested item
```

**Rendered:**
- Item one
- Item two
  - Nested item
  - Another nested item

**Ordered Lists:**
```markdown
1. First item
2. Second item
3. Third item
```

**Rendered:**
1. First item
2. Second item
3. Third item

**Task Lists:**
```markdown
- [x] Completed task
- [ ] Incomplete task
- [x] Another completed task
```

**Rendered:**
- [x] Completed task
- [ ] Incomplete task
- [x] Another completed task

### Code Blocks

Use triple backticks with a language name:

**JavaScript:**
````markdown
```javascript
function greet(name) {
  return `Hello, ${name}!`;
}
```
````

**Rendered:**
```javascript
function greet(name) {
  return `Hello, ${name}!`;
}
```

**TypeScript:**
````markdown
```typescript
interface User {
  name: string;
  age: number;
}
```
````

**Rendered:**
```typescript
interface User {
  name: string;
  age: number;
}
```

**Bash:**
````markdown
```bash
npm install
npm run build
```
````

**Rendered:**
```bash
npm install
npm run build
```

### Tables

```markdown
| Feature | Status | Notes |
|---------|--------|-------|
| Markdown | ✅ Complete | Full GFM support |
| Search | ✅ Complete | Ctrl+K to search |
| Mobile | ✅ Complete | Responsive design |
```

**Rendered:**

| Feature | Status | Notes |
|---------|--------|-------|
| Markdown | ✅ Complete | Full GFM support |
| Search | ✅ Complete | Ctrl+K to search |
| Mobile | ✅ Complete | Responsive design |

### Blockquotes

```markdown
> This is a blockquote. Use it for important notes, warnings, or callouts.
>
> You can have multiple paragraphs in a blockquote.
```

**Rendered:**

> This is a blockquote. Use it for important notes, warnings, or callouts.
>
> You can have multiple paragraphs in a blockquote.

### Links

**Internal Links** (to other pages):
```markdown
[Go to Configuration](/core-concepts/configuration)
[See Contributing Guide](/getting-started/contributing)
```

**Rendered:**
[Go to Configuration](/core-concepts/configuration)
[See Contributing Guide](/getting-started/contributing)

**External Links:**
```markdown
[GitHub](https://github.com)
[Link with Title](https://example.com "Example Website")
```

**Rendered:**
[GitHub](https://github.com)
[Link with Title](https://example.com "Example Website")

**Important**: Internal links should use paths from your manifest (without the `.md` extension).

### Images

Images are loaded from your StaticResource. Place images in a `media/` folder:

```markdown
![Alt text](/media/logo.png)
![Screenshot](/media/app-overview.png "App Overview")
```

**Path Resolution:**
- Images in `media/` folder: Use `/media/filename.jpg`
- Example: `![Logo](/media/logo.png)` loads from `/resource/docsContent/media/logo.png`
- Absolute URLs (http/https) work as-is

**Supported Formats:**
- PNG, JPG, JPEG, GIF, SVG, WebP

**Example:**

![Flan dessert](/media/flan-612x612.jpg "Delicious flan")
> ... flan is awesome.

### Videos

Videos are automatically embedded when you use image syntax with a video file extension. **Important:** Due to Salesforce's 5MB StaticResource size limit, videos must be hosted externally (Salesforce Files or public URLs).

**External URLs:**
```markdown
![Demo Video](https://your-domain.com/videos/demo.mp4)
![Tutorial](https://example.com/tutorial.webm "How to use the app")
```

**Salesforce Files:**
```markdown
![Salesforce Video](https://yourinstance.salesforce.com/sfc/servlet.shepherd/document/download/068XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX)
```

**Supported Formats:**
- MP4, WebM, OGG, MOV, AVI, WMV, FLV, MKV

**Note:** If you use a relative path (e.g., `/media/video.mp4`), a warning message will be displayed instead of the video, as StaticResources cannot exceed 5MB. Always use absolute URLs for videos.

**YouTube and Vimeo:**

You can embed YouTube and Vimeo videos directly using their watch URLs:

```markdown
![Video Title](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIDEO_ID)
![Vimeo Video](https://vimeo.com/VIDEO_ID)
```

**Example:**

```markdown
![External Video](https://example.com/video.mp4 "Example video")
![YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3WAOxKOmR90)
```

![YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3WAOxKOmR90)

### Navigation Cards

Use the `:::navcards` block to create card-based navigation:

```markdown
:::navcards
title: Getting Started
description: Learn the basics
href: /getting-started/introduction
---
title: API Reference
description: Complete API documentation
href: /api-reference/overview
:::
```

## Creating Your Manifest File

### Step-by-Step Guide

1. **List your sections** - Think about how to organize your content
   - Example: `getting-started`, `api-reference`, `guides`

2. **For each section, list your pages**:
   - Page title (what appears in navigation)
   - File path (relative to `content/` folder)
   - URL path (for links)

3. **Write the YAML**:
   ```yaml
   section-name:
     - title: Page Title
       file: section-name/page-name.md
       path: /section-name/page-name
   ```

4. **Save as `manifest.yaml`** in your `content/` folder

### Manifest Best Practices

- **Consistent naming**: Use lowercase with hyphens for section and path names
- **Clear titles**: Make page titles descriptive and user-friendly
- **Logical order**: Order pages in a way that makes sense for readers
- **Match paths**: Ensure `path` values match your file structure

### Example: Complete Manifest

```yaml
getting-started:
  - title: Introduction
    file: getting-started/introduction.md
    path: /getting-started/introduction
  - title: Quick Start Guide
    file: getting-started/quick-start.md
    path: /getting-started/quick-start

api-reference:
  - title: API Overview
    file: api-reference/overview.md
    path: /api-reference/overview
  - title: Authentication
    file: api-reference/authentication.md
    path: /api-reference/authentication
  - title: Endpoints
    file: api-reference/endpoints.md
    path: /api-reference/endpoints

guides:
  - title: Best Practices
    file: guides/best-practices.md
    path: /guides/best-practices
  - title: Troubleshooting
    file: guides/troubleshooting.md
    path: /guides/troubleshooting
```

## Packaging Your Content

### Step 1: Organize Files

Make sure your structure looks like this:

```
docs-content/
├── content/
│   ├── manifest.yaml
│   ├── getting-started/
│   │   ├── introduction.md
│   │   └── quick-start.md
│   └── api-reference/
│       └── overview.md
└── media/
    └── logo.png
```

### Step 2: Create ZIP File

1. Select the `content/` folder and `media/` folder (if you have media)
2. Create a ZIP file containing both folders
3. Make sure `manifest.yaml` is inside the `content/` folder

**Important**: The ZIP should contain `content/` and `media/` at the root level, not nested inside another folder.

### Step 3: Upload to Salesforce

1. Go to **Setup** → **Custom Code** → **Static Resources**
2. Click **New** (or edit existing)
3. **Name**: `docsContent` (or your preferred name)
4. **File**: Upload your ZIP file
5. **Cache Control**: Select **Public**
6. Click **Save**

### Step 4: Update Component

1. Open your Lightning page in App Builder
2. Select the Docs Unlocked component
3. Set **Content Resource Name** to match your StaticResource name
4. Save and activate

## Updating Content

When you need to update your documentation:

1. **Edit markdown files** - Update your content
2. **Update manifest** - Add/remove pages or change order
3. **Recreate ZIP** - Package everything again
4. **Upload to Salesforce** - Replace the existing StaticResource
5. **Refresh page** - Users will see updated content (may need to clear cache)

## Best Practices

### File Naming

- Use lowercase with hyphens: `my-page.md`
- Keep names descriptive but concise
- Be consistent with naming conventions

### Content Organization

- Keep pages focused on a single topic
- Use clear, descriptive headers
- Break up long content with sections
- Include code examples where helpful
- Use consistent formatting

### Manifest Organization

- Group related pages into sections
- Order pages logically (intro → advanced)
- Use descriptive titles
- Keep paths consistent with file structure

### Internal Linking

Always use paths from your manifest (without `.md` extension):

✅ **Correct:**
```markdown
[Configuration](/core-concepts/configuration)
[See Authentication](/api-reference/authentication)
```

❌ **Incorrect:**
```markdown
[Configuration](/core-concepts/configuration.md)
[See Authentication](api-reference/authentication.md)
```

## Troubleshooting

### Content Not Appearing

- Check that `manifest.yaml` exists in your `content/` folder
- Verify file paths in manifest match actual files
- Ensure ZIP structure is correct (`content/` and `media/` at root)

### Navigation Not Showing

- Verify YAML syntax is correct (use a YAML validator)
- Check that section names and paths are consistent
- Ensure all referenced files exist

### Images Not Loading

- Verify images are in `media/` folder
- Check image paths in markdown (should start with `/media/`)
- Ensure `media/` folder is included in ZIP

### Links Not Working

- Verify link paths match manifest `path` values
- Check that target pages exist in manifest
- Ensure paths start with `/`

---

> 📚 **Next**: Learn about [Configuration](/core-concepts/configuration) options.
